Uli tried to stride into the room, attempting to look confident. Her boobs and bust visibly recoiled inside their light-green gelled containments, with dark green over the rest of her oiled skin. Her ears stood up as she stopped to stand where she was. "D-do I look good..?"

Muma eyed her cutesy friend up and down, taking note of how well she fit in her gelsuit. Muma herself had adorned herself with one as well, a much more dignified one. Shiny white gel clung tightly around her curved areas. Her massive rear rippled within the thin, cooled encasing, and her bust was visibly perked as well. Her slender belly also had the covering of gel, leading one to assume she was expecting to get pregnant or filled. "You look very cute, Uli!" Muma said with a gleeful chuckle, hugging her feline friend tightly, large bust squishing against hers.

"M-mrow..." Her ears laid back before she hugged Muma, still a little unfamiliar with the Salliyan culture of closeness. "Thanks~ You look really... Nice, too." She blushed a little, seeing her like this was a little embarassing and very arousing. Her nipples began to get erect as they were squished against, and she blushed a little harder at the realization that as soon as she pulled off of her that she'd probably see them very clearly.

Muma giggled at how shyly Uli was acting. Erect nipples in a gel suit are super common amongst Salliyans of anything it makes them look cuter. "You think so? This is just my out and about suit. I have fancier ones at home for when I have important business." She adds, patting Uli on the shoulder. "Why so shy? You're blushing like a little kitten."

"I-I'm not used to seeing you like this..." Uli looked down, before her eyes settled on her breasts. She felt herself get a little hard, which was probably visible against her gel crotch. She mentally struggled to keep it under control. "These things do feel nice..." She ran a hand down her right arm, marvelling a little at the feel of it on her skin. 

"They're built for comfort, an answer to the growing Salliyan population! One size fits all!" She says, motioning at herself, and then at Uli. "These are the same size gel suits. Isn't it marvelous!" She grins, putting up a thumbs up. "I'm also the poster girl for the campaign so it comes out of habit."

"You sure do make a good poster girl..." She smiled a little, making her best attempt at hitting on her. "I mean, it is comfy enough I might consider wearing it around the house too..." Her statement was disproven a little by the obvious blush remaining on her face. 

Muma grabs Uli's hand, placing it against her ass. She stared her down a bit. She could smell her hormones, she knew she was firming up, and she knew she was in the mood. "Doesn't that feel good though? The gel is almost better than skin." She reaches her own hand down to softly rub at her groin.

"M-mrowr~" She made the kitty-equivalent of a moan as Muma forced her hand. She squeezed her hand where it had been laid, before leaning into her and putting her other hand to her booty, letting the charming busty girl lead her to lustfulness. She rubbed and cupped said booty warmly, massaging it under the wonderous gel that was like cocaine to the touch.

"You know, this is the maternity suit I'm wearing." She says, rubbing over her gel laced belly. "It's made to conform to a pregnant or filled belly. Just in case you feel like using my ass for anything more than groping." She says with a soft kiss to Uli's cheek.

Uli purred lowly at her advance, being given far too much confidence. She made to manuever her against a wall with a slightly intense smile, before making to french her right there, ears perking up as she rubs a bit against her, the gel she had put on starting to heat up. She didn't know her Salliyan products that well, after all.

Muma pushed back against Uli, kissing her hard. She groped and rubbed at her stiffening groin as they went at it, desperate to finally get used after all this time being dry. The thoughts raced through her mind. Every possible position and outcome. It was bliss.

"Mmf..." Uli had to grope and kiss at her more before doing anything else, struggling to get the will to part her lips from Muma's. After she'd finally mustered up the will to do it and did it, she made to guide her to the very ornate-looking bed. Uli hadn't seen one quite like it before, but that was hardly a concern. "H-how does doggy style sound..?" Even her arousal up to this poitn wasn't quite the power needed to make her say the words comfortably, though she did smile sincerely at the thought of it.

Muma quirked a brow. Doggy style, how avant garde of Uli. She nodded her head and grinned, maneuvering on herself over to the bed. She layed her upper body against it, and let her legs hang off. That delicious wall of fat and curved was all that met Uli from her point of view. Lights glimmered and shined on the little console on the back of the gel suit, the covering for her girlhood suddenly vanished. It was exposed.

"U-Um..." Uli fidgeted with her suit, before finding the handy diagrammed button set and doing so for herself as well, being impressed by the technology. Her erect member was slowly concealed inside of Muma as she leaned over her, teasing her nipples in her fingers as she began to push into her back and forth, her kitty ears laying back.

"U-Uah~" Muma arched her back a bit as Uli slid into her. It's a great feeling, being liberated of her dry spell by a cute little sheltered Salliyan. Her rear jiggled gloriously with every sway of her body, not even needing the rouse of impact to shake impressively.

Uli purred deep as she fucked her, with mounting pleasure promising to make her let loose seed soon. She pressed deeper inside her, feeling pent-up from her homely life and eager to please her friend as well as herself. Cupping Muma's breasts and squeezing each nipple between two fingers, she moaned.

Muma was used to being handled roughly, she is a model after all. She pushed back against Uli's rough courting of her curvy frame, meowing out loudly with each advance into her vulnerable rear. Her nipples dribbled thick, creamy milk as they were rubbed over, though the sweet substance was locked behind the gel of her suit. It was uncomfortable, but admittedly hot.

Uli let out an uncharacteristic "Nyan~" as she began to let loose inside of her, pressing her seed in by continuing to push into her. She leaned over and playfully nipped at her right kitty ear, her bust pressing against her back as she laid on top of her, filling her tummy up. 

Muma reared up a bit as her slender belly suddenly swelled with thick, gooey Salliyan cum. This was new, genuinely, it felt absolutely blissful. She lovingly grabbed at her gel covered tummy as she stood up, softly twerking her ass against Uli's groin while she was still balls deep inside her. "You must have been really full." She teased as she still felt her belly filling out in her slender hands. "I-I'm yours now."

Uli purred a bit more as her hands moved down to Muma's filled-out belly, warmly feeling it over. "R-really now..?" She was surprised at her choice of words, but not displeased or that distressed. She felt more warm than the oil she'd put on was making her as she kissed the back of the well-proportioned kittygirl's neck. "I'll take good care of you~"

"And the kittens" She teases, bouncing he rear happily against Uli. She would be getting a lot thicker and a lot hornier in the coming months thanks to how fertile she is and how potent Uli is. She's gonna be the hottest momma around, and Uli's gonna have an all access pass to tap it.

