It was an average Sunday, the crisp winter air of Obleskia embracing the people gathered as the holy folk amassed at the head. Amongst them were several priests, Empyrean, clad in religious armors with long, white hoods that concealed their faces. None of them approached the pulpit, they simply waited. Then a figure appeared, just in the sidelines she approached. She was clad in a tight, spandex top that barely reached below her impressive bust, a gold band around her stomach, and a thin cloth skirt that embraced her voluptuous rear warmly. The clatter of high heels made it obvious she was dressed to impress, and every step she took was accentuated with a soft ripple of her rear beneath her skirt. She stood at the head of the pulpit, and the priests bowed. She began the Casathi rites of prayer, reading from a lexicon of ancient knowledge. She praised the Obleskians for the fruitful reproduction and plentiful children, for their attachment to what many Empyreans would consider decadence and degeneracy. The priestess at hand praised them for such things, and looked quite ravishing while doing so. It was obvious by the shine of her slender, exposed stomach that she had applied some sort of oil treatment to make it more prominent, and by the perk of her bust that she had been wearing some sort of push-up. Whatever this woman was, she as quite literally flawless.

Naru found herself watching from the backstage she had approached from, enraptured not by her sermon (which she appreciated when she could focus on it), but by her form. She really looked the part of a representative of the faith, and Naru squirmed a little thinking about her. Naru wore a dress similar to Solaria's, with a cresent moon belly cutout. Naru might look good for an Obleskian, but she didn't fill out the motif anywhere near the range this speaker could. She was dying to meet her, and made to bide her time and introduce herself whenever she could.

After Solaria had made to finish her sermon, she bowed deeply, a warm smile plastered across her face as she made her way off the pulpit. One of the male priests then approached and took over, continuing the sermon on a darker, more urgent tone. The subjects of war and other things the Obleskians feared. Solaria was above that, and was already making her way out of the makeshift church to an assembly of prying eyes. She was just outside, away from the masses so she could easily fix and adjust her outfit which had been bothering her since she got up there.

Naru made to follow, eager to meet their guest speaker. She didn't make herself known until the bountiful lady had adjusted her attire, hopefully as not to spook her. "H-hey... I'm the person who usually does the part of the sermon you did today. I'm the local priestess Naru, What's your name?" She smiled warmly.

Solaria's face lit up when she saw the Catgirl approach her. "I'm Solaria, a Casathi priestess from the Mainland." She says, absently eying the other priestess up. It was obvious she had parroted the most polite phrase possible.

"Would it be too forward to say you represent us well? Not only did you speak well, you look stunning, and like everything we want to have..." Naru blushed a little on saying that. She wanted it in more ways than one, and it might be a little obvious.

Solaria blushed, taken a bit by the forward compliment. "T-thank you, Naru." She says as she goes to absently adjust her attire again. As a Casathi, she's quite capable of interpreting someone's traits. Naru happened to be quite a perfect specimens upon inspection, and Solaria wanted to not make it as non-obvious as possible. Where's the fun in just upright saying you wanna fuck?

"You really graced us with your presence." Naru smiled again. "Since we're out early, we could go somewhere and have a bite to eat, chat a bit more..." Naru was a little too proper, she couldn't even suggest getting a drink forwardly. 

Solaria giggled a slight bit, not really used to the praise. "I'm a ways new here, are there any good places to get drinks? It's customary to treat a beautiful woman to liquor." She says with the most proper accent she could muster. Being Solaria came with the benefit of being able to say anything and sounding classy while doing it.

Naru blushed as the priestess did the forward talk for her. "I know a sushi place with a nice bar..." She fidgeted a little. "It would be my pleasure to treat you~" She bowed out of habit and had a bit of an astonished smile.

Naru found herself sipping on some of her more preferred alcoholic drink, taking in the sweetness and sensory fuzziness. She turned to Solaria and spoke with less of an internal filter. "What's a sweet priestess like yourself doing having drinks with a girl like me anyhow?" She leaned over a little towards the girl in question, ears laying back a little.

Solaria backed some more of her potent beverage, and smiled over at Naru. "I was told to go out and mingle. Find myself a mate." She said, taking another drink back. She had literally no filter, and she had no idea how Naru would take for forwardness.

Naru blushed, even for her laxer state. "A mate, huh..?" She scooted a little closer to Solaria. "I think that's good advice. I'm a little biased right now, but you don't mind, right?" She held her drink forward a little, casually.

Solaria nodded a little. "Part of my duties as a female Casathi is to get filled." She shrugged just a bit. "Not sure why, but I've got to do it somehow. I won't just settle for any old Futa, of course." She said, drinking a bit more.

She blushed again before responding. "Mm..." She took of her drink, knowing she couldn't keep up with Solaria. "And what *are* you looking for, then..?" She was looking for the in, fairly obviously.

Solaria grinned, and pressed her lips against Naru's cheek, kissing her softly. "You." She said in a soft tone, hoping Naru would make the next movie.

Naru wasn't yet versitile in this sort of thing, but moved to put her arm around her apparent new mate. "Two priestesses, it's only right, huh..?" Naru mused aloud. She nuzzled at Solaria a little, feeling giddy.

Solaria giggled, but was feeling way too amorous for small talk. She pulled out her wallet, slid a sum of cash onto the counter, and grabbed Naru by the hand. "Let's find someplace secluded." She says, grinning. "I'm feeling into it."

Naru made to get up with her, steadying her if she needed, being the less drunk one. "How's my place? I'm just down the street~"

Solaria nodded. "Sounds perfect~" she said, swaying a bit as she got up. Her fantastic rear jiggled graciously with each unsteady step she took, her high heels aiding in it.

Naru felt a bit cheeky. She helped steady the other priestess from her tush as they made their exit, feeling up that butt she'd wanted to grab since the moment she saw her.

As they walked, Naru's hand would be embraced by the ripple of her mate's rear with every step she took. It was quite the experience. Solaria was the prime subject.

Naru guides them to her little abode, fumbling slightly with the key before getting them inside. A grand tour was not in order, so she guided her fellow priestess to the bedroom, flicking on a light and motioning around the room to her closet. "Anything on the right side of the closet is nice stuff. What you're waering right now, not all the way there, you know..." Naru's desire met with her hospitality.

Solaria giggled, and went to fish through Naru's closet. She pulled out a thin rubber booty dress, it was black with gold accents. It looked like it was made for someone Naru's size, but Solaria would find a way to fit into it, she always does. "How about this one?" She says, holding it up to herself and turning to face Naru

"Mm, you have good taste..." Naru imagined a little at what it would look like on her. "I kinda wanna see how you'll manage to get into it, though..." She giggled a little.

Solaria winked, and began to slide off her skirt, struggling to get it past her large rear. Then her top, which was quite easy to pull off, and then she simply unclasped the golden band around her slender tummy, all that was left was a simple latex thong and no bra. She attempted to get the dress on, sliding it up past her thick thighs and over her ass, stretching he rubber significantly, and then over her bust. Since it was Salliyan, it confirmed perfectly to her body. The latex swooped under her bust and over it, outlining her frame like a second skin. Since the dress was made for C cups and not I, it showed a grand amount of delicious cleavage. Solaria turned around and posed, shaking her ass a little.

Naru was sold. And pretty hard, too. She stepped closer, grabbing her booty with one hand and her left boob with another. "It looks perfect on you..." She purred out a little, inhibitions no longer present.

Solaria's only goal now was to milk Naru for every ounce of goodness she had. She was totally lost in the idea of her new mate, and wanted only to impress. She reached down and tugged her latex thong down, revealing her impeccable, untouched girlhood. It was dribbling delicious femcum, and had an obscenely sweet scent to it.

Naru took a finger to sample it, feeling very warm. The advertising was incredibly effective. Naru didn't have the muscle it took to push the other priestess around, but she did her best to get her onto the bed. She was more than ready to give her the filling she desired.

Solaria lay against the bed, her bust squished on the surface of it while her legs dangled off their edge. Her huge ass was present to Naru, ready to be taken.

Naru made to get on top of her, moving aside her ceremonial dress' crotch. She purred a little as she pressed against her partner, rubbing her member against her a bit before pressing into her girlhood eagerly, fondling her generous clothed breasts as she did so.

Solaria moaned as her virgin girlhood was violated, and her ass clapped against Naru's groin. Her girlhood twitched and tightened around Naru's shaft as she went deeper.

Naru's comaparitively modest B cups pressed into Solaria's back as she leaned over her, purring and warmly thrusting into her inviting partner. Her ears laid back as she fondled all over Solaria's breasts and down to her stomach, feeling the futa instinct of needing to fill it, pressing deep inside her.

Solaria clenched her girlhood even harder, instinctively trying to get Naru to finish inside her as hard and fast as possible. There wasn't much she could do other than be a good girl and take it.

"A-ahh~" Naru wsn't expecting something quite like this. She had to struggle to not just instantly give up the sexual ghost. She pressed on as much more as she could, pressing as far into Solaria as her girlhood would allow for a little while longer. Before long, she couldn't take any more. "Myaaan~" She let loose inside of her, beginning to fill her belly with her seed abundantly.

Solaria got up off the bed, pressing her huge ass against Naru as best as she could to rouse out more cum. Her belly filled generously, the sound of the rubber stretching over her expanding belly became obvious. She began to softly twerk her ass against Naru, her booty rippling and jiggling on her. Her hands felt over her filled, rippling belly, slapping it softly to test it.

"Mm-mmf..." Naru pressed more for her eager partner, slower but deeper. She hadn't felt quite so drained before as she did by this lovely gal. She purred a little weakly as she watched Solaria experiment, smiling warmly.



