The moon had just began to rise, darkness washing over the Kironi skyline as per usual. The amber hues of the pollution ridden evening skies had been exchanged for ominous purples and pinks, it was honestly quite beautiful from what Uli could see through the cracks in the windowshades. The light casting the bits of dust floating throughout the air gave it an almost rustic feel. Amidst the reverence of the light though, one of Uli's favorite sounds echoed by the front door. The clattering of high heels on the wooden patio, followed by the slotting of a key and the workings of the tumbler. Ashe was home. And the door swung oven ever so gently, and there she entered. Standing at a meager 5'4" but generously heightened by her whorish heels, she looked ravishing as always. A tight, blue, rubber dress with thin white stripes running down the center of each breast to the skirt. It had an open naval,
Which showed off her cute little belly piercing which dangled and glimmered faintly. She had fishnet thigh highs, something she had began to wore more and more often as of late, and she wore a cute little collar around her neck, a new accessory. It seemed to have a little chain attached to it as well. All of this clung tightly to her slender frame, her dress cascading from her 41 inch I cup bust down to her anomalous 25 inch waist and her unbelievably jiggly and thick thighs. Every step she took into the door was accentuated by a soft jiggle of her assets. She set her small purse on the couch, called to Uli, and closed the door. "I'm home~!" She shouted out in her usual, sassy tone.

Gaining her typical delighted smile, Uli turned from her gaze to the night sky, walking over to her favorite girl a little daintily. Once she came in distance, she gave her a hug, coming just short of groping her first thing in the door. "Welcome home~" Her right ear flicked as she let go. "How was your evening?"

Ashe sighed a little, wrapping her arms around Uli in a soft hug. "Same thing ever day. I ride a pole, shake my ass, and make money." She drones out as she hugs her little catgirlfriend.

"Have you ever considered telecommuting?" Uli asks, with a bit of dry wit and a snarky grin.

"I'd rather be a slave to the high class entertainment industry than suffer that fate." She mumbles, ruffling Uli's hair a little with a wide grin, her little Succubi fangs showing. "I'm a woman of action, Uli. Anyways, I'm sure you enjoy me coming home like this everyday. I doubt you'd get as excited to see me in baggy t shirts and pajama bottoms."

"Mm, you know me so well~" She reaches a hand out and feels from her left boob down her side to her hips. "You look lovely as always." She smiled slightly up at her (on account of her heels) and swayed a little, in her everyday enraptured state.

"You'd think with the job I have I'd he be the one grabbing your tit and shit." She teased, kneeling down a bit to kiss Uli's lips softly. "So, what's for dinner?" She stated blankly, eying Uli down from her own height.

"Well, I ordered some sushi a bit ago, and it's in the fridge, just a sec..." Uli goes to get the said plate. and bring it back to their cozy table, with a couple sauces. Uli goes back to fetch a bottle of wine and a couple glasses, bringing them back. "Wine and dine in tonight~" She smiles, hoping to treat Ashe as Uli feels she deserves.

Ashe shrugs, following and soon enough sitting down, the soft "pap" sound of her thighs slapping against the chair was heard. "I had half expected you to say 'forgot to make dinner' and then forced me to give top." She stated blankly, sighing. "But that was when I was still living at home." She said, pouring herself a glass of wine and forcing a cute little smile before taking some of it back. "You're really nice, you know that?"

Uli managed to blush a little still, on being given praise from her cutie. "I just like making you smile, you know." She pours a glass for Ashe and herself in turn, before taking a bite of a crab-meat roll, having to lick her lips a bit to clear the sticky rice. "A good home is half of life." She declares, before taking a sip from her glass.

"As much as my home life sucked, at least it set me up for the future." She said before nomming on an avocado shrimp roll, being careful not to smudge her expensive lipstick.

That was the part that Uli typically did not have a response to, and she kept up the trend, instead electing to pick a bit at her roll. She took a few moments to think of something else. "How'd you like the sky tonight?"

"I really enjoyed it, was a nice sight on the commute home." She nodded a bit. "Always looks nice this time of the year."

"Like a fluffy colorful blanket... Almost makes me sleepy to look at it." She takes another bite, spacing out a bit. She comes back to herself after a minute. "It's been a while since we've been to the beach."

"Yea, it has been. I kind of miss getting ogled over by creepy tourists now that you bring it up." She giggles, sipping back some wine. "I'm exotic, haven't ya heard" she takes another sip between taking a bite of sushi.

Uli smiles at her humor, happy to think of her in a swimsuit again, not a far cry from what she was currently wearing. She eats and sips a bit more wine, starting to feel warm. "Nothing like getting to take you on a dinner date at home~"

"It's very cute of you." She says, pointing a finger at Uli and smiling. She takes a bite of sushi, chewing it evenly and almost sultry like as she stared at Uli.

Uli's ears laid back a little, as she felt enamoured by Ashe's demeanor. She smiled before finishing her part of the meal.  She poured just a little more wine for herself, starting to feel a little fuzzy around the edges.

Ashe finished her part of the meal as well, and her second glass of wine. She's smiley and perky, which is always good. Uli could likely see her firm nipples poking through her thin rubber dress.

The half-kittygirl's inhibitions about looking Ashe over were a good bit diminished, so she managed to notice, feeling a little warmer for want of her own desires. "You aren't too tired for a little playtime, I hope..?" She looked at her, with an expression verging on begging.

Solaria giggled. "I'm never too tired for that, cutie~" She stated quite happily "I'm all yours."

Uli smiled warmly, before slowly getting up. She walked carefully over to Ashe, proceding to rub her shoulders. "What kind of thing were you thinking of doing~?" She lets out a soft purr, feeling a little warm and eager.

"I was thinking maybe me slipping into one of those tight spandex dresses you love. Doing a little soap play maybe." She teased, grinning naughtily. "Maybe a little chub play if you're up to it."

"Mmm~ You know how I love seeing you magically fill out a dress~" Uli felt down Ashe's arms and then to her breasts, idly playing with them as she swayed a little.

"I was thinking maybe we could skip the condom tonight." She teased, rubbing her belly a bit.

Uli blushed at the thought, even in her current state. Not that she found herself opposed to it. "I could go for that too..." She claimed simply, rubbing her nipples a little more and feeling a little shyly elated.

Ashe giggles. "Alright then, go in the bedroom, lay out a plastic mat so we don't get the bed ass mucked up, and I'll be right in~ Maybe try on one of my rubber dresses."

Uli's hands course back up Ashe's arms and to her shoulders before letting off. She goes to fulfill her mistress' wishes, being a little confused for a second at the crinkling sound of the plastic as she flings it over the bed. Getting it secured, she looks at herself in Ashe's mirror. Her fairly conservative forest-motif Ovu dress might be nice during the day, but Ashe was right, she should probably borrow something from her closet. She opens it to look through, before settling rather quickly on a white one-piece rubber swimsuit like thing with a fair amount of cleavage window. 
Undressing herself, hanging her dress up and donning the much more showy attire, her transformation was complete. She looked at herself in the mirror, purring a bit and feeling down her thigh. She was pretty close to being flooded with cuddly desire.

Ashe entered the room, her body clad in a tight, almost transparent purple dress that barely reached all the way down her ass. "It's a dress for a young Salliyan. So it's a biiiit tight." She mumbled out, tugging at the cleavage allocation to keep her tits from spilling out. Her body was drenched in what would seem to be a soapy substance, every inch of her frame glistening and dripping with thick, oily goodness. Even beads of it could be seen dripping from her erect nipples. "How do I look?" She did a little twirl, showing off her slender but sultry frame.

"Wow... You look really nice and touchable..." Uli walks over and does so, feeling over her belly, starting to anticipate filling it as she rubbed a hand over it, mesmerized.

"I'm sorry my tummy is so firm. I could change that, if you want~" she says, grinning to show off her Succubi fangs. "I know you love having things to grab."

"It's like you can read my mind too..." She says, still a bit transfixed as she rubs, wanting to feel as it pushes out, starting to get erect.

Ashe giggled as she slowly filled out, the most notable location being her ass and stomach. Her dress visibly got tighter as her stomach filled out, and handles began to form and her stomach began to sag faintly. "I always preferred being thin and limber, but I can see why you'd like be thick~" She mutters, spanking her own newfound ass.

"Mmmm~" Uli starts to purr a bit as her partner's form fills out, before grabbing her booty with her other hand, squeezing with a hint of greed, her hand squishing into her and threatening to slip over the copious amounts of soap that made every touch more enticing.

"You're such a greedy Catgirl." Ashe says, hugging Uli close, her gloriously fattened belly and large bust squishing against her. "Luckily I'm all yours~"

The allegedly greedy girl would set about proving her right, attempting to guide her over to the prepared bed, and lay on top of her with a lusty look.

Ashe looked back up with half lidded eyes, her lips twisted into a whorish smile as she half expected Uli to uncharacteristically dominate her bride. She always seemed more aggressive when Ashe was chubby.

Uli made to make out with her, closing her eyes and wrapping about her. She gently rubbed her lower body over her while pressing her boobs against her's, arms rubbing around her back in fluid assisted motion. Her ears laid back as she took it all in.

Ashe hugged back, doing the same, her oiled up arms rubbing and feeling against Uli's rubber clad body lustily. She kissed Uli back hard, her tongue sliding into her mouth and licking around.

The kittygirl's arms slid back around to feel over Ashe's generous breasts, squishing over them appreciatively and feeling over her erect nipples. Her lower body movement became more pronounced, signaling her increasing desire as she passionately french kissed her partner.

There wasn't much Ashe could do while being dominated, she simply followed Uli's every motion, and moaned occasionally as her erogenous spots were toyed.

Uli finally let up on her kissing, kitti-ears perking up as her head raised. She had a look of complete desire. She made to undo the crotch of her dress, now able to display herself as she felt, before acting to do the same to Ashe's dress, fumbling slightly and purring.

Ashe smiled happily, enamored by the dick she was about to receive. "I'd almost forgotten how big it was~" She said out, wiggling a little as she began to feel obnoxiously warm.

Uli smiled more at the praise, feeling assured as she pressed herself inside her partner, and her body slid back and forth across her. Uli held about her as she started her thrusting, ears laying back again for the wave of pleasure she felt being inside her.

Ashe was remarkably tight for her size, one would assume she was a 4'11" Catgirl with how well it massages their dick. Ashe kissed Uli several times as she laid atop her, already growing eager to be filled.

The lusty green-haired catgirl greatly appreciated Ashe's tenderness, feeling very warm and yet dominant. She began to act more on it, thrusting harder and faster, and her hands slid over her squishy thigh greedily as she smiled with satisfaction.

Ashe moaned, growing hotter and hotter as Uli pounded into her. She was helpless, unable to do anything but take what she was given.

Uli was wont to give her it all. She pressed further and further into her with lust, crying out a little herself. In a few more strokes she nyanned as she released her seed into Ashe, her left hand going to her stomach as her right continued to massage her thigh as she continued to push in, starting to slow as climax took over.

