Reference: Sijare is pregnant with a single egg because of Uli, wearing a dress like the provided link.
http://gelbooru.com//images/f5/c3/f5c3df8624d56db93bb68d6da4ce0137.jpeg

As Uli was present in the kitchen, doing what she did normally at this time in the morning, she heard the obvious clattering of high heels. Sijare, most likely, was approaching her. The clattering got closer and closer before a pair of sparkly black latex clad hands were wrapped around her frame, coming into view. A pair of breasts was pressed against her back, and the apex of a faintly distended belly was felt shortly after. "Good morning~" A familiar voice uttered before Uli felt a soft nibbling at her right kitty ear.

The amateur cook kittygirl was quite used to this kind of routine by now, her left hand feeling down the thigh behind her as she continued to work the stove, bitten ear twitching. She relished the feeling of her pregnant guest with benefits pressing against her. "It's always a good morning with you, Saji~"

Sijare giggled softly behind Uli as she navigated herself next to her. She leaned against a cabinet, her large booty squishing against it and flattening out, making her lower body appear even thicker than usual. She simply stared Uli down, something she does often. Uli would realize the very erotic dress her benefactor was wearing though. A tight latex dress with vertical slits in the hips to help accommodate for the fact that they're covering 60 pounds of jiggly booty fat. A cute heart shaped open naval, thigh highs, gloves, 4 inch heels, and a tight choker. The dress itself was nice and low cut, and the thin rubber straps connected to the choker. The dress and its associated rubber accessories were also sparkly and glittery, and showed off her curves deliciously. She also had silver lipstick on for affect.

"You look pretty impressive today..." Uli struggled to multi-task between ogling at her and wrapping up the morning breakfast routine. Taking the eggs and fish off the burner, she took a forkful and moved it towards Sijare's silver lips. "Say ahh~"

She opened her lips up wide and stuck her tongue out a little bit. A single eye closed for a wink effect. "Ahh~"

Uli struggled not to act on catgirl instinct and just lunge towards her latex-clad booty. To her credit, she was able to follow through with the food placement. She wondered if the dragon-girl would even bother to sit down to breakfast.

The dragon girl noms down on the food and smiled around the fork, eliciting a soft "Mmm," sound. She pushed herself from off the kitchen cabinets, causing her massive rear to jiggle and quake from the displacement. She hugged Uli again, and backed off, smiling and blushing.

"Mm~ You know, I love being a housewife for you too." Uli made a plate for her dragon-guest and herself, scooping the lion's share of meat onto Sijare's plate. "Since you're eating for two and all~" Uli was pretty clearly elated at the thought as she spoke it aloud.

Sijare sat herself down, her massive rear spilling over the sides off the seat. "You try too hard, Uli." She mutters, taking a spoonful of fish into her mouth. "You should take a break sometime."

"I think it'll be a little while before I can do that..." Uli takes a pregnant pause to contemplate the future that she chose with this cute dragon lady. "But it's totally worth it to see that smile of yours." Uli grinned, feeling confident.

Sijare shrugs. "Your choice." She took another bite, humming to herself. Oddly enough, her nipples were hardening under her dress. Probably to do with her pregnancy. She adopted a sort of discomforted expression, and groaned s faint bit.

Uli's left hand went to her partner's right shoulder. "You feeling okay?" She felt a little concerned, given that she'd been acting like this the past few days, and it could be a predecessor to labor. She really wasn't comfortable in delivering either babies or eggs, as she claimed she would.

She rubs at her belly and eyes Uli down. groaning a bit more. "I- I think it's coming..." She says, softly, almost emotionless.

Uli's eyes widened, given the seriousness of her tone. The kittygirl rushed for a nearby towel and laid it in front of her couch, one of several spots she'd thought to use in case of emergency. She moved to help Sijare up. "Let's get you somewhere better than the kitchen table for this..." Concern was evident in her voice.

Sijare maneuvered to the couch, and worked to take her latex thong off, sliding it down and handing it to Uli. She squatted, resting her fat ass against her legs as she spread her thighs. "I've done this a lot before. Don't worry." She muttered out as her fingers delved down to her girlhood and began to idly toy herself, soft moans eliciting from her lips. "I- I need to keep the passage lubricated~ Ah~" She says, fingers eagerly schlicking her girlhood.

Uli was taken aback at this technique. She didn't know quite how to feel about this at all, even if she was aroused at the sight of the helpless looking, self-pleasing dragongirl in front of her. She elected to not speak up and let her do her thing.

With a loud moan, Sijare began leaking from her girlhood, causing her to withdraw her hands. "A-ah fuck..." She groaned out, here hands rubbing her latex clad belly over eagerly. She began panting as her girlhood visibly convulsed, thick juices dribbling out.

This was all a little distressing for the inexperienced kittygirl. Seeing her partner like she was acting in this situation was a little more to weird her out. She wanted to help, but had quite the misgivings about trying much of anything. She scooted closer, observing to see what she could do for Sijare.

Sijare moaned out a little louder as her belly visibly shifted. Whatever was in there was coming out, and the sound Sijare was eliciting from her mouth was a testament to such. But unlike a normal human giving birth, Sijare's sounds were more akin to rampant pleasure and ecstasy, and with each push, she blushed harder and moaned louder. This was all really weird.

Uli did the only thing she could think to do, simply use her hands to open up and rub Sijare's thighs, whilst trying not to think about the way she was seeming to get off on it, blushing profusely herself now.

The small end of the egg began to crown, and Sijare gasped out as she felt it do so. The Dragon girl began groping and gripping her large rear eagerly as her egg came farther out.

Uli continued to rub her partner's thighs, now starting to understand what her fuss was about. She eyed the egg closely, getting ready to catch it, should it start to fall.  She felt herself getting a little hard hearing her partner in such ecstacy.

