Sijare Desciption: Formerly slender, lavender eyes, half shaved head with the other half down to her chin. Straight hair. C cups.


Uli was preparing some sausage and eggs with a little sprinkled cupcake on the side. She hummed to herself, adorned with a pawprint patterned apron. The scent of breakfast cooking in the air might entice interest.

She thought happy thoughts imagining herself as the ideal housewife as she brought the unorthedox plate to the room she'd given to Sijare, hoping to surprise her.

The Dragongirl lay in her bed, back against the sheets as she stared blankly skyward. As Uli opened the door, the black haired girl would quickly dart her gaze to the encroaching Salliyan with prying eyes, a soft grin suddenly creasing her tightly held lips. She languidly pushed herself up to a posture more conducive for eating, but she didn't speak. It seemed like she never did.

"Good morning Sijare~" Uli placed the plate in her lap, fork on top of the eggs. "I hope a little pick-me-up helps you get better soon." The catgirl smiled and did a little curtsy  with her apron.

The Servenian was quick to get to eating, not entirely used to the low calorie diet Salliyans frequented. Nonetheless, she would enjoy every bite of what little she got. Though, despite how unfilling the food was, she did seem to put on a healthy amount of weight. Since she was taken on, her tail end and thighs have become more and more cumbersome. She's slowly beginning to worry. Though, she still didn't seem too keen on talking to Uli. Perhaps she was caught up in thought

"You know, I can spare some clothes for you too, if you wanna feel fresh. We have a shower too..." She offers, hoping to elict a response.

Sijare sighed. "My old clothes are becoming a hassle to don with my new form." She looks Uli over. "What sort of clothes do you have?"

"Well, I have a modest closet, over here." Uli goes over to the left of her, opening a sliding wall door to reveal a varied selection of ovu-style dresses and lighter sleeveless shirts and skirts. Of course, there was a small selection of scarves as well. "People think my tastes are a little weird..."

She held her tongue, but nonetheless pushed herself up off the bed, languidly sliding herself to the side as to make her way to the closet. She rifled through it of her own accord and let forth a faint sigh. "Such loose clothing." She mutters, grasping at an airy Ovu Dress and observing it. It was obvious she was more fond of tighter clothes. And what she was wearing now was a testament to that. The leggings she had on under her armor when she was first found are much tighter now that she's been on a Salliyan diet. Her spacious, Salliyan-Esque booty seems to jiggle with simple movements as she worked her way through the closet.

Uli found herself about to absent-mindly purr, when she remembered this was her guest. odd though she and her sudden appearence may be. "There's a little more in a couple of drawers behind all this, some stuff whoever owned this place last left some stuff here. I think it was another kittygirl." She hoped the oddities in there might please the dragongirl.

The young dragoness delved deeper into the seemingly endless chasm of Uli's closet until finally hitting her mark. The drawer. She fished and fished, looking over a bounty of clothes before finally drawing back with several folded articles in hand. "I believe I've found an outfit I can sponsor." She says, grinning faintly.

Uli felt a combination ripple of concern and arousal. "I'll give you a moment of privacy, then." She bowed and exited the bedroom, feeling a twinge of excitement.

After a short siesta to clad herself in new garb, the keen Servenian is quick to exit the bedroom. Clad in a pair of tight, black, rubber leggings that cling tightly to her newfound curves, and a simple, low cut white undershirt. An odd fact of the outfit she chose was the little silver pawprint that was on her vagoo area, and a small silver heart at the crack of her butt cheeks. It was obvious those leggings were owned by a kinky Catgirl.

In her hands, Sijare also held some high heels which she was intent on trying on, since she had never worn any before.

"That's an... interesting outfit." Uli was a little bewildered, both at the fact she had chosen something that risque and how amazing she looked in it. "I can try and help you with those heels, I've worn them once or twice." She smiled, albeit a little nervously.

Sijare eyed her over curiously. "Is that so?" She says, holding them out to her.

Something that became obvious was Sijare's bust. Since her new diet, she seems to have gotten much more generous breasts. At first glance, they could possibly DDs. And with how they sagged, it was likely a bra was not present.

Uli found her gaze transfixed on Sijare's bust for an extended moment, before taking the heels and kneeling down, a look of barely concealed embarrassment apparent on her face before she held out one of the high heels to the dragon-girl's left foot. "J-just slide it in... It'll feel weird at first."

Sijare slid her first foot into the heel, and lost her balance slightly. Thankfully, she was quick to align herself.

Uli also panicked a little at her instability, and made to help align her right with an arm, looking up with wide eyes.

Sijare looked down at Uli and grinned, and then nudged her with her uncovered foot, hoping for the other heel.

(Sijare in latex booty shorts and a crop top.)

Uli looks embarrased again, looking quickly back down and offering the other heel, now sure that her guest was quite a bit more than she bargained for. "L-let me know how they feel~"

As she slipped into the second heel, she felt herself adopting a much more upright and puissant posture. Her back was arched a bit more, showing off her improved bust even more so. And it seemed like her nipples were beginning to crease her tank top.

Uli looked up again, but with a little more determination. After a little guilty pleasure of enjoying the view, she stood up. "So?" She smiled, now learning to appreciate the look they added to her, as well as the height.

"They feel foreign. Unnatural." She says, skirting about a bit as she attempted to take a proper step forward.

Uli stood just of to the side of her, ready to steady her if she needs. "They make you more, um... Jiggly." She admitted, looking embarrassed, but happy.

"Is that a positive thing?" She asks, gaze flitting to the Catgirl.

"It is." She smiled, taking off her apron, revealing one of her sleeveless normal dresses. she bounced a little, feeling frisky. "Do you think this is nice?"

She contemplated for a second, ignoring Uli's attempt to flirt in favor of her own. "What is the fattiest food you carry?" She asked, a fiendish grin becoming plastered over her face.

"Well uh, one of my friends gave me some vanilla pudding... We could share some if you want." She smiles.

"If you go fetch that, I could change into something you'd possibly enjoy." She says, before blushing and realizing how upfront she was. "J-just as a means to repay you, for your hospitality." She says, languidly placing a hand against her hip.

Uli wasn't quite sure how to respond. So she held off on doing so, simply blushing a little and walking off to do as asked. Soon, she returned with a plate of cold vanilla and chocolate pudding in alternating quarters with a cherry on top, and two spoons on the plate. "It might be a little rich..." She offered her fair warning, still eager to share. Seeing her eat was pretty cute, after all.

Sijare was quick to enjoy the pudding. She did want to impress her host after all. And it seemed putting on booty weight was a way to do so. And due to her race's quick processing of food, It wouldn't take too long for her rear to start stretching those leggings. "This is pretty good." She mutters, pushing another spoonful into her mouth and letting out a pleasured sigh.

Uli enjoyed the sight for an extended moment, before taking a spoonful of a chocolate partition herself. It'd been a whilte since she'd endulged herself with something like this. "Mmm~" The cool sweetness felt like heaven on her tongue. Her cat-ears flicked slightly with the sensation. "Wonderful, isn't it?"

"It's almost offensive." She mutters, reluctantly taking another spoonful into her mouth. "But so liberating." She says with a fiendish grin, eying Uli over absently as she nommed.

Uli was blissfully unaware of her guest's gaze, some of the pudding dripping onto her bust. She wiped it off with her finger, licking it.

Sijare blushed a bit, and excused herself. "I-I'm going to go get changed..." She says, walking back off into her room, booty jiggling with each step of her heels. She pardoned herself primarily because her body was already processing he copious amount of fat from that pudding. Justifiably, she didn't want to have Uli witness her booty and thighs stretch out her leggings as fat was deposited into them. It's unnatural almost, and she doesn't want Uli to have to see that. She also wants Uli to see her in something a bit more risqué, as payment.

Uli couldn't help but be excited. Her guest was an odd one, but aroused her well nonetheless. She contemplated what Sijare could think was better than what she was already wearing, feeling warm in spite of the cool snack they were sharing.

Sijare returned, this time in an interesting outfit. A booty-length sleeveless bodysuit. It seemed like a pair of short shorts and a shirt together, with a heart shaped cleavage cutout too. The latex it was made of was super thin and promoted her astoundingly thicker frame! Her booty seems noticeably fatter, with even more jiggle to it every step had an audible little clap of her rear added to it. And her thick legs are adorned with fishnet stockings, to further increase the sluttish appeal of her garb. She sauntered up to Uli and grinned. "I picked something I believed Salliyans enjoyed." She muttered out with a shy expression. It was obvious she took some prep time, because her DD, almost E cups were obviously perked up and oiled up from what was visible in the cleavage cutout. And a heart shaped open naval as well showed off her slightly chubby belly, also well oiled.

Uli's ears laid back as she looked her over, astonished. "You look absolutely amazing..." One of her hands obeyed genetic instinct, squeezing her right booty-cheek as she started to purr subconsciously.

"Think of it as a thanks for your kindness." She says with an almost sarcastic expression.

Her God-tier rear jiggled eagerly in Uli's hand as she squeezed it, a testament to the flexibility of Servenian frames.

Uli remembered herself, but on realization, chose to simply go with it. Her right hand rubbed down her left side as she let herself purr warmly. "Most girls would do anything for a body like yours..." She held to Sijare a little closer, enticed.

Sijare hugged Uli close, her bust and belly squishing against her. She made a "Shhhh~" noise and pressed her lips against Uli's, smooching her lovingly.

Uli was atill caught a little off-guard, but managed to press back against her lips, letting herself get hard at this girl's advances. She pushes her hips lightly against Sijare's, smiling lewdly while feeling into her posterior again.

Sijare pulls her lips away a bit. "I want to mother your brood, Uli." She says, eying Uli over before smooching her again. "I want to be your consort."

Uli's eyes widened, a little weirded out by her phrasing. After a little bit of processing, she realized this was a pretty agreeable arrangement. "For my cute winged girl? Of course~" She took off her skirt, revealing a bulge from her leaf -printed panties. Soon those accompanied the skirt on the floor as she awaited Sijare's reaction.
