Thu May 12 18:23:03 PDT 2016

#Uli was standing in the kitchen, with smooth jazz playing over her cat themed computer terminal. She had her phone out, taking pictures of the salmon she was preparing step-by-step to put on her lifestyle/photography blog later. She was humming along to the tune in the background, feeling very pleased to be making content again. (Cancelled because of confusion.)

"#" meaning it did not apply, because RP partner posted first

The day was set, the sun beating down upon the simple house that Uli resided; rays of light eagerly peeking between the shades of the window. Breakfast was in progress, whatever it was, and the entire morning was set in motion. But then the stupor was broken, the gentle embrace of silence eviscerated by a sudden clamor. The house shook violently as what seemed like a meteor has crashed loudly just outside the house. Powerful enough to startle the dust from the furniture, and startle Uli from her cooking endeavors. What could it be?

Uli took the skillet off of the active burner and off the heat quickly, before going outside, still in pawprint pajamas, blinking at the shock of morning sun to the eyes.

Chaos had unfolded, or so it seemed; just overhead a harpylike man, spear in hand screeched victoriously as he flourished his weapon and soared inland. "What was that?" Was likely the first though through little Uli's head, but the focus has swapped, as the disturbed dust had finally settled from the impact, and within the crater sat a brightly shining set of Servenian warplates, black and cyan with spikes and ornaments all about it. It lay, almost lifeless. Perhaps there was something, or someone under the vented facemask?

Uli cowered for a few long moments at the sight of the triumphant flier, before working up the courage to stalk over to the fallen figure. She bent down in front of the armor-clad person, and spoke. "H-hey, are you okay..?" Based on how the other person was acting, she didn't have too much hope for whoever this was holding out.

A groan erupted from the helmet's slits, it's gender unidentifiable due to the tinny sound it made. But soon a voice followed, attempting to speak. It's words were hard to make out, perhaps the language was foreign, or gibberish? Either way, it was incomprehensible babble, and the person was yet to move.

Uli was concerned, knowing that the person had lived through whatever had happened. She moved to see if she could open the helmet's visor, and get a look at the injured person.

Almost unexpectedly, a woman sat within the armor. Youthful in appearance, with not a single wrinkle gracing her elegant visage. At least as much as Uli could make out. She had gentle lips, with the most subtle hint of pout about them, and folded eyelids that accentuated her almost Xirathan physiognomy. Her almond eyes fluttered a bit as the sun beat down on them, rings of cyan encircling inky black become visible to the young Catgirl. They flit, gaze meeting Uli's own, and she opened her mouth in astonishment, two little fangs becoming visible. "W-where am I..." She says, weakly, body shifting under the weight of her armor.

Uli found herself already starting to fawn over the crashed girl, so she took a second before speaking, distracted by her cute appearance. "You're in Apexia, right outside my house. Are you okay?" She offers a hand to help the girl up.

She grunted softly, rejecting the hand as to help herself up, a free hand grasping at the staff of her glaive as to prop herself up. "Apexia..." She muttered out. "I'm fine... Skiteri cannot kill me." She blankly states, a plated gauntlet wrapped around the gaping puncture in her cuirass. "I am infallible..." She droned, her umber wings languidly folding against her back as she stood up. Legends told of Servenian regeneration, how they could pull arrows from their guts and still soar a thousand miles. Perhaps this lady was proving them before Uli's very eyes?

Uli found herself impressed at the girl folding her wings in, she really was quite a beauty. "You sure seem like it... I'm making breakfast right now, I'd like to make it for two before you fly off~ And uh, maybe dress that wound." Uli smiled at her, hopeful.

The obviously draconian lass was quick to accept the offer. Apexia was far off from Servenia, and she was quite obviously tired. The dark spots under her gentle eyes proved such. "I... I suppose there's no harm in it." She says, the faintest light of a grin tugging at the edges of her lips.

Uli makes to lead the way, opening the front door and going to her bathroom for a first-aid kit, bringing it back to the dining room, reading instructions on how to disinfect and dress a wound. "They say this is supposed to hurt..." She readies a small cloth with rubbing alcohol.

The dragon girl smiles. "It- it's not necessary." She says, a little stricken with shyness all of the sudden. "I do humbly appreciate your hospitality though..." She says, feeling a little taken aback.

"It's not every day someone falls from the sky and into my yard, you know." She giggles a little, before gently wiping at the girl's quickly healing wound.

She hisses a bit at the touch of her wound, and brings her knee up a bit to reflexively kick at the Catgirl, but she curbs herself and softly eases her leg back to its idle stance. She didn't want to kill her benefactor. "It's not often you meet a knife eared Succubus in the middle of a warzone." She muttered out, a bit vulgarly commenting on Uli's apparent beauty and unique appearance. It sounded flattering in her head, hopefully Uli feels the same way.

Uli doesn't understand at all what she's referring too, and figures she's talking about something that happened earlier. "You had to fight something like that?" She asks, oblivious, as she makes to get bandaging from the box on the table.

She was confused. "No, I was fighting Skiteri. Bird people." She says, a bit perturbed. "You, was what I was referring to." She reaffirmed, knowing that she likely made herself sound like a creep.

"U-uh, no... I'm sorry." She frowned a little as she applied the bandage. to her torso, patting it down. "What's knife-eared mean?"

She brings an armored finger to poke Uli's fluffy cat ear, smiling a bit. "You have ears like knives. I've never seen that before."

"Oh!" Her ear flicks at the girl's touch. "It's a kitty ear. I really like your wings, by the way. You look so cool~" She smiles, happy to get on her good side.

The dragon girl can't help but giggle at the happiness of Uli. "Are all kitty eared Succubi as cheerful as you?" She mused, taking in the compliment and the beauty of the Catgirl she had the honor of speaking of. It was strange how she kept referring to Uli as a Succubi though

"You think I'm that attractive?" The catgirl grins  mischievously. "My name's Uli, by the way." She offers a hand for shaking.

"Very much so." She teases, taking Uli's hand and placing a smooch upon the top of it. How knightly." My name is Sijare, or diamond in your tongue."

"Sounds fit for royalty~" Uli curtsies after her hand is kissed, attempting to adjust to her demeanor. In pajamas, a curtsy seems much less effective. "I'll go get breakfast started for us." Uli makes to go into the kitchen and get two pieces of salmon and more eggs into separate skillets.
